Come join Noline.
Hyung, you'll need to put it in writing.
In writing?
Yes, I have a...
Do we really need to go that far?
That's a little too strict.
Understood.
There's also a contract deposit involved...
A deposit too?
Just a modest one, of course.
Right.
If you want to join Noline...
Hamin is fine.
He's always...
Why is Hamin exempt?
Hamin always tells me...
how grateful he is.
Right, right.
So I consider his deposit paid.
That's how I see it.
I never got one, obviously.
I didn't even know I'd joined Noline.
I just found myself in it.
Okay, understood.
All right, settled.
Now, for the segment we prepared today...
There's a reason the producer line is here.
Right, right, right.
Everyone, you know this one, right?
Challenge, Heaven!
Wow, your line really plays along well.
You really are different.
You're genuinely different aliens.
I admit it.
Was that hard to play along with?
No, hyung. We know exactly what to do.
It was just so sudden.
When he said, ‘Challenge, Heaven!’
I wondered how I was supposed to respond.
That's what I was thinking.
Then, right beside me...
he was already going, ‘Wooo!’
You can't stop to think then.
The moment he says ‘Heaven’...
you trust that he has a plan.
You have to empty your mind.
Just go with it.
Yes—just charge ahead.
Excellent.
I learned something new today.
What song will we make
for Challenge, Heaven today?
For Challenge, Heaven...
we'll make another new song.
Are we really going to make a thousand?
A producer-line broadcast proving
we could make a thousand songs.
Remember the song Yejun-hyung
and I made on stream?
Noah-hyung wasn't there that time.
We mentioned this then too.
The plan was for hyung to make verse two...
finish it, assign the parts,
and turn it into a complete song.
Hyung, did you watch it, at least?
Of course I did.
Yejun and I even made choreography for it.
Yes, we made choreography too.
Right, right, right.
I saw that. I did.
We made choreography too.
So...
instead of developing that song further...
Yes, exactly.
we brought something new.
Right. We thought, why not make a new one?
Right.
That's why we brought this.
For today's segment...
That's right.
we prepared a completely new track.
We brought one.
We did.
It's extremely rough right now, though.
We deliberately kept it rough.
Completely rough.
Just a first sketch.
Honestly, it's embarrassing.
We brought the very first draft.
We're revealing it despite the embarrassment.
We want to show you the real process.
Right, right.
This truly is just the sketch stage.
We want you to keep that in mind.
Right.
If what we make today turns out well...
Yes.
we can develop it further.
Right. That could happen.
But if it isn't good today...
we might throw it straight in the trash.
That could happen too.
We have to be ruthless.
If it isn't good...
we've ruthlessly trashed plenty of songs.
A lot.
So many. There are really so many.
If you drag it out...
This is how I see it.
If you overthink it for too long...
it isn't good.
It won't come.
A good song won't come out.
The spark has to appear
within the first few tries.
Right, right.
If you keep clinging to it...
you're better off making something new.
Right. That's true.
It's better to start something new.
Right, right.
So we brought this track...
to show you that process as a full group.
That's what we prepared.
Actually, while we were preparing this...
I wondered if we should at least...
organize it a little before coming here.
Right, right.
I said that to both of them.
Shouldn't we at least work out...
how should I put it—the foundation?
I thought we needed some foundation
before we could work here.
But both of them said...
we had to do it genuinely live.
Exactly. It has to be real.
It has to be completely real.
Okay.
Then let's do it that way.
They convinced me immediately.
It seemed like the right choice.
So we may flounder and make nothing today.
Viewers, are you watching?
We're PLAVE, and we keep our streams real.
Please enjoy the show.
Please enjoy it.
Get up.
What? What is it?
What were you doing—calisthenics?
Standing over here...
What are you doing?
What is this?
Wait a second.
I was warming up.
I saw you run over and wondered why.
He must have been getting ready for that.
I was preparing.
This is part of the preparation.
I was getting ready.
Why are you suddenly doing this?
You came over here by yourself...
Why are you suddenly standing like that?
Jumping jacks.
Wait—I was gathering my energy like this.
I was gathering energy.
Or maybe I could make this into a challenge.
You were frozen in that pose?
Like this?
I was going to do something like this.
Oh, honestly...
You startled me.
Since we're at home...
I loosened up a little.
I thought I was about to fly away, everyone.
I thought you were Iron Man.
That startled me.
Fixed.
I'd had one side turned down.
What?
You couldn't hear one speaker?
It's working now, right?
That sounds good.
I think repeating it next
will make the idea come through.
This one?
Yes, that one.
This part?
Should we change the ending slightly?
Maybe change it like this?
Change the end? Where exactly?
The chord changes slightly at the very end.
Maybe like this...
Then let's match it all the way through.
Ah, just one.
Nice.
[Eunho tests the new line]
Hit it once—nice, nice.
It gives me butterflies.
That was the wow moment.
It was the wow moment.
Use that last word later.
Or use a word meaning ‘hold me back.’
I might actually fly away,
so someone needs to hold me back.
Okay, I'll record it, hyung.
Okay, okay.
[Eunho records the revised line]
[He repeats the final word]
Okay, okay, okay.
I genuinely got goosebumps.
Goosebumps.
The good kind, right?
Shall we trim it and listen?
I think the recording sounds good.
[They replay the recorded line]
Start from the pre-chorus,
including the middle part.
Hyung, look.
Actually, play it from the beginning.
I'll join in as it starts.
From the beginning?
From the pre-chorus.
[They play the new pre-chorus]
[The new song continues]
[They sustain the final phrase]
[They play the new chorus]
[The chorus continues]
That's good.
This is good. Really good.
Wait a second.
It's so good.
This is really, really good.
How good are we talking?
No, it just hit my ears...
Whenever we produce on stream,
it turns out well.
Wait. We need to talk.
What should we do?
What do we do with this?
What do we do?
I just got goosebumps.
Wow, this came out so well. Seriously.
I really like it.
What do we do?
Wait.
No, this seriously came out so well.
Everyone...
it turned out incredibly well.
What are we going to do?
What now?
Should we take today's stream down?
This came out too well.
What should we do?
Wait a second.
Let's hear it one more time.
Just a second.
It seriously turned out too well.
[They replay the new pre-chorus]
[They replay the new chorus]
[The new song continues]
[They replay the chorus]
[The chorus continues]
What are we going to do?
What now?
This is good.
Good, good, good.
It's seriously good. So good.
We just discovered something, didn't we?
Should we just go straight into the verse?
What should we do?
No, we can't do that already.
Right. We can't do that yet.
We can't reveal the whole thing.
We don't know what we'll do with it yet.
Should we add three-part harmony here?
Let's try that.
Would it sound cool if I sang it low?
Really low here.
Adding plenty of low harmony
would make it feel much more like a band.
Okay, got it.